# Community Guide

## Roadmap

We have big plans for `scikit-agent`. Check out our roadmap of future features!

```{toctree}
:maxdepth: 2

roadmap
```

## Contributor Guidelines

### Public repository and issue tracker

`scikit-agent` is an open source project. Our repository and issue tracker are
on [github](https://github.com/scikit-agent/scikit-agent).

### Precommit hooks

We have many default pre-commit hooks for standardizing code format.

### Examples and Documentation

Material in the `examples/` directory is built using Sphinx into documentation
in `docs/auto_examples`. Please keep the built documentation synced with the raw
source material.

### Pull requests

We welcome pull requests from contributors.

We refer to existing best practice for guidelines about how to write a good PR.
[1](https://zulip.readthedocs.io/en/latest/contributing/reviewable-prs.html)
[2](https://microsoft.github.io/code-with-engineering-playbook/code-reviews/pull-requests/)
[3](https://engineering.joinknack.com/art-and-science-of-reviewable-prs/)

As rules of thumb, please:

- Clearly explain the contributions of the PR, referring to existing issues
  solved or addressed by it, if applicable.
- Take responsibility for adherence to coding standards, and for passing
  automated tests, linters, and documentation builds.
- Keep PRs as small and focused as possible. Do not include changes that are
  unrelated to the PR scope, and try to narrow the scope of each PR. This makes
  it easier to quickly and thoroughly review your PR.
- Write clear and concise commit messages for each commit in the PR
- Explicitly ask questions or raise concerns for community feedback, if
  appropriate

### Can I contribute AI generated code?

“AI” herein refers to generative AI tools like large language models (LLMs) that
can generate, edit, and review code and other digital artifacts, or generate
human-like communication.

<!--
License

All submissions to Google Open Source projects need to follow Google’s Contributor License Agreement (CLA), which covers any original work of authorship included in the submission. This doesn’t prohibit the use of coding assistance tools, including tool-, AI-, or machine-generated code, as long as these submissions abide by the CLA’s requirements.
-->

#### Responsibility

You are responsible for any code you contribute to `scikit-agent`, regardless of
whether it was written manually or generated by AI. You must understand and be
able to explain the code you submit and how it relates to existing code: it is
not acceptable to submit a patch that you cannot understand and explain
yourself.

#### Contribution Volume

AI can be used to generate large volumes of code very quickly, but all
contributions to `scikit-agent` still require a human reviewer to read, vet, and
give final approval to the code. Keeping this in mind, please avoid sending very
large PRs, or sending many PRs in quick succession, and expect review to happen
at a human pace.

#### Communication

When interacting with other developers via discussions on GitHub or other
forums, do not use AI to speak for you, other than for translation or grammar
editing. If the developers want to speak with a chatbot, they can do so
themselves.

#### AI Agents

The use of an AI agent that autonomously writes code and submits pull requests
is not permitted in the `scikit-agent` project. A human must check any generated
contribution content according to the License and Responsibility sections above.

#### Acknowledgements

We thank the JAX, SymPy, and SciPy developers for their AI policies, upon which
this section is largely based.

## Code of Conduct

We have adopted the NumFOCUS
[Code of Conduct](https://numfocus.org/code-of-conduct).

Be kind to others. Do not insult or put down others. Behave professionally.
Remember that harassment and sexist, racist, or exclusionary jokes are not
appropriate for NumFOCUS.

All communication should be appropriate for a professional audience including
people of many different backgrounds. Sexual language and imagery is not
appropriate.

We strive for a harassment-free community for everyone, regardless of gender,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, physical
appearance, body size, race, or religion. We do not tolerate harassment of
community members in any form.

Thank you for helping make this a welcoming, friendly community for all.
